Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[gentle. wistful music playing]
[Rob Lowe] I didn't
travel 10.000 miles
to spend my first
morning in England
talking to some wise-ass chick
from Weehawken. New Jersey.
[in Spanish] Look
here! The building...
Ignore him. Not him. This!
Look at the building behind...
That's where she's
going to study!
Bill Clinton went to Oxford.
Mmm!
And she already has a job lined up
at Goldman Sachs when she finishes.
[sighs]
Oxford graduates earn 25%
more than other graduates.
[in English] It'd be easier to
Google Oxford on your phone. Mom.
[gasps] Mmm! There she is!
-We're going to miss you. Anna.
-I'll be home before you know it.
Oh. imagine.
Beautiful England.
Although I do hear
it rains a lot.
["Make it Happen" by
Laura Welsh playing]
[bicycle bell rings]
♪ Give away... ♪
[Anna] The poet Henry David
Thoreau took himself to the woods
to. as he put it.
"live deliberately."
Inspired by the idea of
living a planned life.
I studied hard. graduated
summa cum laude.
and secured a Wall Street
job. which I deferred.
so I could take a
year for myself.
studying Victorian poetry
at the University of Oxford.
A year to live my dream.
Everything was going
exactly to plan.
Until it wasn't.
♪ Anything you want.
make it happen ♪
♪ Do what you have to ♪
♪ Anything you want.
make it happen... ♪
Okay.
♪ Ooh. just imagine... ♪
Your beauty will fade.
as will my interest.
[Anna] Hi.
-Um. I'm Anna de la Vega.
-[man] Who the bloody hell's that?
An American.
Wonderful face. Shocking shoes.
[Anna scoffs]
[door closes]
-[optimistic music playing]
-[gasps]
[soft rainfall]
-[Anna shrieks]
-[woman gasps]
Bellend!
[quirky music playing]
Whoa. raining. is it?
Not exactly.
Hi. Um...
I would like to order some
fish and chips. please.
Haddock?
A duck? Uh...
No. Fish.
Yeah. haddock. Or
cod. Or saveloy.
I'm not... I. uh... I...
Just... Fish and chips?
-Large?
-Large! Yes!
-8.50. five minutes.
-Great.
[register bleeping]
[woman] Jamie. this is not
the finest dining in Oxford.
[Jamie] Well. it's top
three. Hello. mate.
Can I get two large cod. mushy peas.
pickled onions. and some chips. please?
Chips?
Should you be having those?
Oh my God. you're so right. Moment on
the lips. lifetime on the hips. right?
Uh. can we make that two
extra-large chips. please?
Ignore the lady. She has yet to
learn how to live deliberately.
It's not me telling you
that you can't have...
What are you doing?
Oh my God. are you hiding?
No. I'm battling
an unruly shoelace.
[woman] You're hiding
from Jessica Borne!
Honestly. it is a wonder
you can get out of the house
with all the women you
leave in your wake.
She's gone now. anyway. She
probably recognized your car.
Yeah. probably. One of the pitfalls of
owning a rare car. It's like a beacon.
That's where Bond went wrong.
Should have driven a Ford Focus.
Oh my God. You!
Me?
Yeah. you're the bell end.
You drenched me with your car.
Oh. Oh!
Oh... Oh?
Well. I'm... Shit!
[quirky music playing]
[shopkeeper] Fish and
chips for you. love.
I really... I really am sorry.
Genuinely.
[sighs] Yeah. me too.
-Hey!
-No. No!
He's in here!
Hiding from you.
[Jamie] No. no. no. no.
-[Jamie] Uh...
-[woman] Jessica. darling.
-Hello.
-[Jamie] All right? I was... Something...
[ringing]
[optimistic music playing]
Welcome
to the University of Oxford.
an institution which has been
here for hundreds of years.
and which in each and
every one of those years
has welcomed a new
group of young people.
Great leaders. great scientific
minds. literary visionaries
have all passed through
these doors before you.
You will forget parties
you attended here.
and you will forget
friends you made here.
but you will never forget the learning
and the studying you did here.
Your time here is precious.
It will disappear in a blink.
Seize it.
[music stops]
-It's okay. you're on time.
-[Anna] Oh!
Right. yeah. I was just... I...
I was at the... the
thing with the...
-I'm Maggie Timbs.
-Hi. I'm Anna de la Vega.
-Are you American?
-I am. yes. From Queens. New York.
[neighbor] Good
morning. I have arrived.
Charlie! How was your summer?
Pfft. Loveless.
I was stalking that Adonis rower with
bedroom eyes and pecs as hard as...
This is Anna.
-[Charlie] Ah. Hello. new girl.
-We've actually met.
Your neighbor? You said
I had shocking shoes.
Surprised a charmer like you
could remain loveless all summer.
-Loveless. darling. not sexless.
-Ah.
And that wonderful smile more
than makes up for those shoes.
Hello. hello. hello. all.
Oh my God. it's Professor
Styan. She's my hero.
[whispers] She's the
reason I came here.
[Styan] Terrible
news. I'm afraid.
I've been named head
of graduate studies.
which means I'm far too important to be
teaching you lot. this term at least.
My cover is more than able. In fact. he's
my annoyingly brilliant DPhil student.
I'll do the marking. He'll do the
teaching. Best of both worlds for me.
It's not exploiting youth labor.
He actually wants to teach.
His lookout. [chuckles]
So. um... yeah. I guess
I'll see you around. guys.
[laughs] Over to you. Jamie.
Uh. thank you. Uh... Hello.
Oh my God. you have
got to be kidding me.
Okay. now that is a
serious bit of crumpet.
-[Maggie laughs]
-So. as this is my first class.
I thought that I would set
the tone by offering you
a bribe.
It's a
massive cake.
So...
Help yourselves.
Ah. didn't need the
cake. I'd eat him.
[Maggie] Yeah.
Five years ago. I sat
right where you are now.
Professor Styan walked in.
and I thought to myself.
"So this is the woman who's going to bore
me to tears for the next few months."
[scoffs]
Um...
Hello.
It's you.
Hi.
Uh. ladies and gentlemen. we have
a student here all the way from...
-New York.
-New York. New York. Welcome. welcome.
I notice you don't have any cake.
We have to make you feel at home.
And they do say that everything
is bigger in New York.
Actually. that's Texas.
[taps table] Either way.
-I don't really want the cake.
-Don't want the cake?
-[Anna] No.
-Fine. Yeah.
It's just that Mrs. Mackenzie crafted
it in our very own college kitchen.
so it's basically an
insult to the college.
everyone here. and
all of Oxford...
-I'm going to eat it.
-I'm not gonna force you to eat it.
-It's slightly unusual...
-I want it.
-I know you do. but...
-I insist.
Mmm.
[muffled] It's delicious.
[Jamie] Good. So. poetry.
I liked poetry. but. I mean.
Victorian poetry. that's for my dad.
Stale old men in top hats banging
on about the glory of foreign wars
might not be the most exciting
thing in the world. but
never in my wildest dreams
did I expect to find in
the work of the Victorians
such... despair.
such terror. such beauty.
wisdom. lust.
If you don't mind.
I would love it if
you read us this poem.
It was written by an American.
so I think we'd all like it if we
heard it in the original cadence.
[clears throat]
"My candle burns at both ends"
It will not last the night
But. ah. my foes.
and. oh. my friends
"It gives a lovely light"
Thank you.
That was Edna St.
Vincent Millay.
There are many different
interpretations of those words.
but here's my tuppence worth.
I believe that what she is saying is that
a well-lived life might come at a price.
but bugger me if it's
not worth every penny.
Nothing is permanent.
Our passions. our loves.
or indeed our lives
might indeed be fleeting.
but if. while we have the
chance. we embrace them fully.
then we can say that
we have truly lived.
Poetry... Poetry can be taught.
but. really. it should be tried.
It should be tested. It
should be engaged with.
Take it on. Allow it
to change your life.
And so. in that vein. I will endeavor
to teach you but one thing in my class.
Can anyone guess
what it might be?
To eat cake?
Every chance you get.
Uh. ping them in an email to me.
and we can. uh. schedule a tute.
[girl laughs] Yeah. So...
Uh. can I have a word?
So you're my
American MA scholar.
And you're not the
professor I came to see.
Uh. no. but. uh. I'm only
covering for Professor Styan
when she can't be bothered.
She's very lazy. actually.
Sorry to disappoint.
I am disappointed.
-So. the other day...
-Hmm.
Um...
-I don't normally hide in chip shops.
-And drench people with puddles.
Terrible mistake.
Truly. I... I had
absolutely no intention
of starting an impromptu
wet T-shirt competition.
But if I did. then you'd win.
Shouldn't be discussing
wet T-shirt competitions.
Never been to one.
Obviously.
Um... Once...
I'm actually very mature.
Oh. well. that is
very reassuring.
-So am I.
-Congratulations. Professor Davenport.
-Your first class.
-Uh. would you like some cake?
No. of course not. When was the
last time you saw me eat cake?
[Jamie] My birthday?
[whimsical music playing]
[Maggie] Anna!
Hey.
Flirting with the hot
teacher on the first day?
-What? No! I. uh...
-Oh. no. I love it.
Have you got a bike?
I have not.
[Maggie] You can't be in
Oxford and not have a bike.
Right. get on. I know a man.
-Is it safe?
-Oh. I wouldn't have thought so.
[mouths] It's not.
I think I'll... I'll follow you.
[Maggie] Well. I
hope you're quick.
[Charlie] Good luck.
Oh. Maggie! [chuckles]
[optimistic music playing]
Coming!
-[thud]
-[yells] Mother of God!
Oh God. not again.
Oh. my...
Hello. Tom.
Everything all right?
Dropped a bloody copy of Hargreaves'
medical ailments on my metatarsal.
Ouch. The irony.
Well. this is Anna.
She's from America.
Anna. which are we destined
to be? Friends or lovers?
-Friends.
-Absolutely sure?
-Positive.
-100%?
-Friends.
-Wow. Cold.
The best ones are always
the cruelest. Right?
-Not always.
-[Tom] Come in.
[Maggie laughs]
[joyful music playing]
-Hey. have you got that book I lent...
-[Tom] No!
Wow.
[Tom] Here she is.
The Duchess.
Okay. Wow. She is
so... so British.
-Which is... a good thing?
-Oh. yeah.
If it's British you're after. then I have
the perfect evening of entertainment.
[Anna Richardson] Welcome
to Naked Attraction.
the dating show that likes
to let it all hang out.
It's funny. It's
classic. So subversive.
She's right. You know. Naked
Attraction is subversive.
Oh. no. I meant "A Man's Requirements"
by Elizabeth Barrett Browning.
Listen.
"Thus. if thou wilt prove me.
Dear Woman's love no fable
I will love thee half a
year As a man is able"
Uh... How is that subversive?
She calls out the arrested
development man whore
in the 1800s.
It's brilliant. It's perfect
for Professor Davenport.
I'm gonna go send it.
My God. she's keen. She's left
before they revealed the penises.
Oh. there they are.
[wistful music playing]
-[Jamie] I would like you to leave.
-[man] Fine!
You'd better be
there. Do you hear me?
-Sorry. Um... I can come back.
-[Jamie] No.
No. come in. Take a seat.
[clears throat]
What did you think
of your piece?
I...
I think I made some good insights.
observations. and analyses.
What did you think of my work?
Work? That's exactly
what it felt like.
In 3.000 words. you managed to explore
the suffragettes. the birth of feminism.
Salem witch hunts.
It's an extraordinary accomplishment.
You did everything except the assignment.
Okay. well. um...
I will go work on it some more.
-[door opens]
-Wait. no. no. Um...
I'm so sorry.
[door closes]
Um... Let's start again.
please. I'm so sorry.
Weird morning.
Out of all the poems in the book.
why did you... choose this one?
Because I think it speaks
to a truth about men.
You think that men are only capable
of loving a woman for six months?
Some men. yes.
But what if they love deeply
for that time?
Do you think that things are only
meaningful if they last forever?
Of course.
[inhales]
Well. I think that
you picked this poem
because you think that it
speaks to something about me.
which is disappointing.
because I wanted to know
something about you.
I want you to pick a different poem.
The first one... that speaks to you.
-You have one?
-Mmm.
Great.
"Ah. love. let us be
true to one another"
For the world which seems to lie
before us Like a land of dreams
"So various. so
beautiful. so new"
"Hath really neither
joy Nor love. nor light"
"Nor certitude. nor peace"
Nor help for pain
"And we are here as
on a darkling plain"
"Swept with confused alarms
Of struggle and flight"
"Where ignorant
armies clash by night"
Now. quick. without thinking.
what is Matthew Arnold saying?
I think that the reality
of life is that it's hard.
But at least we have each other.
I'm impressed.
You found hope in the
single most pessimistic poem
of the Victorian era.
Well. now you know
something about me.
-I just got a call from your Dad...
-Oh my God!
-[Anna] No. it was totally my fault.
-[Jamie] I'm so sorry.
-[Anna] Uh...
-[Jamie] Um...
-Hi. Cecelia.
-[Anna] Hi.
-[Jamie] We're just... finishing.
-Uh... Yep.
-[Jamie] Thank you. Thank you. Um...
-[Anna] Yes. Thank you. Yes.
-[Jamie] I'll see you in class. Sorry.
-[Anna] Yeah.
[door opens]
Anna.
It has been brought to our attention
that you've never been to a pub.
True.
Disgraceful. Put some shoes
on and follow us immediately.
Ooh. no. not those ones.
["Helicopter" by
Bloc Party playing]
[Maggie] Pubs are like churches.
Except we consider them sacred
and attend them religiously.
[Tom] To our new friend Anna.
who's come 3.408 miles for
a 929-year-old education.
Cheers.
-Cheers! Yeah!
-Down the hatch! Whoo!
[Tom] Oh God. this thing
is bloody itchy. Hold.
Yeah. all right. You haven't...
Just can't... you just
can't get the purchase.
[Charlie] This is your
first time wearing a jumper?
Do we need to talk about Tom?
-[Charlie] You're so nearly there.
-Do you fancy him?
No. but you do.
Oh. I know. I think
he's the dog's bollocks.
You think he's the dog's balls?
Oh! Oh. no. no.
it's a good thing.
[Cecelia] Hmm.
Hello. all.
Everyone's super excited to have you
in Oxford. You're such a novelty.
Let me introduce you to
some eligible bachelors.
I'm assuming you're single.
Come. come.
Oxford boys have
got brilliant minds.
-You misunderstand me.
-No. I understand you perfectly.
You're saying that all
Americans are stupid.
No. no! You're.
um... blunt. naive.
which I happen to
find endearing.
And about what exactly
are we so painfully naive?
[man] Little things.
Geography. world history.
your gun culture.
your impact on other countries. your
willful celebration of ignorance.
Yeah. you're pissed.
Ian. Go home.
And your absolute inability to
understand irony and sarcasm.
Oh yeah. No. that's fair.
Perhaps you could
teach me about irony.
I'm sure you're a great teacher.
I actually am.
I probably could help you.
-[chuckles]
-[friend laughs]
Hey. Mags. I'm gonna
go to the bathroom.
[Maggie] The loo.
-The loo.
-Mugged you off there. mate. [laughs]
[Ian] Hey. Miss Mexico.
Miss Diversity Quota.
Do you have something
to say to me?
We all know you're here
to make up the numbers.
And I will forgive you for taking the
place of someone far more deserving
if you buy me a drink.
Hmm.
How about you share mine?
[Ian gasp] Oh my...
[Anna] Hey. Mags.
um. I'm gonna go.
-[Maggie] Don't go... Oh!
-This is not my kind of place.
Mate. Don't.
I don't need
rescuing. thank you.
No. of course. you're incredibly scary.
but to be clear. I was rescuing him.
Can I walk you home?
I'm pretty sure I can cope with
the mean streets of Oxford.
Oh. you'd be surprised.
It's the gargoyles. actually.
They're especially vicious at night.
They eat Americans. [sighs]
Well. what if I scare them
away by asking blunt questions?
Oh yeah. that would work. Big time.
That's kryptonite for the British.
Even the gargoyles.
I wouldn't wanna drag you away from
your harem of girls back there.
Well. if harem girls are
anything. it's patient.
[chuckles]
Shall we?
At least my first time in a
British pub will be memorable.
That was your first
time in a British pub?
Unacceptable.
So. Anna. why did
you choose Oxford?
I have a library fetish.
Okay.
I just love being
surrounded by books.
I just think there's no better smell in
the world than the smell of old books.
When I was ten. I read all
the Philip Pullman novels. and
the story of a young girl
rushing across this magical
and ancient city stuck with me.
and I decided that
somehow. some way.
I would sit among those dusty
old books and first editions.
Sorry. you started planning to
come here when you were ten?
Ten and three
quarters. actually.
Oh. fine. then. Great.
My parents always told me
that I could do anything.
so it just never even crossed
my mind that I shouldn't try.
They must be really
proud of you.
They're even prouder of the fact
that I already have a job
as a financial analyst
at Goldman Sachs
when I get back.
Uh. what...
As a layman. what
does an analyst do?
It's primarily research. Digging
into companies. their accounts.
and compiling that information
into reports for corporate clients.
That sounds riveting.
Well. not everyone can afford a
vintage car on a teacher's salary.
It's funny. I've got it
in the back of my head.
I was wondering what happened
to that ten-year-old dreamer.
She found a new dream.
To make enough money not to
have to worry about money.
Mo... money can't
solve all problems.
Is literally something
only rich people say.
There's no safety net for me. you know.
so it's college. Oxford. Goldman. period.
-Got it all planned out.
-I mean. you have to. don't you think?
If you wanna live deliberately.
I think that life has a way of
derailing even the best-laid plans.
Really?
And I'm also of the opinion
that the best bits of life
are often the messiest.
So how did you get
here without a plan?
No. wait. let me guess.
Prep school.
private tutors.
Eton. Oxford.
-How did you know that I needed a tutor?
-I said "tutors."
[emcee] It's karaoke all
night. so let's get singing!
[woman] ♪ Oh. baby. baby ♪
♪ How was I supposed
to know... ♪
-You think you can do better?
-♪ That somethin' wasn't right here? ♪
I'm almost certain I could
do better than that. yeah.
You sing. Professor Davenport?
[Jamie] Well. I was in a band.
-♪ Now you're out of sight... ♪
-Bacteria Overflow.
♪ Show me... ♪
We gigged twice. so it's.
uh... it's a pretty big deal.
Over here. anyway. you know.
Does that mean that if I buy you
a drink that makes me a groupie?
-♪ To know now. oh. because... ♪
-Yes. I think it does.
-Two drinks coming up.
-♪ My loneliness is killin' me ♪
♪ And I ♪
♪ I must confess.
I still believe ♪
♪ Still believe ♪
♪ Hit me. baby. one more time ♪
[cheering]
[emcee] All right. that
was pretty terrible.
Hey. Thank you.
Next up. singing
Coldplay's "Yellow."
Jamie Davenport!
-What?
-Where are you. Jamie?
Sorry. Sorry. Anna.
What have you done?
I just booked your third gig.
-Jamie there?
-Anna. the other two were when I was 12.
-[emcee] Are you Jamie?
-You've had plenty of time to practice.
Anna. I was a bass player.
Well. then. good luck.
Where are you. Jamie?
-["Yellow" playing]
-Jamie! Jamie!
-No. Anna. Anna. seriously. Seriously...
-[all] Jamie! Jamie!
-Please. please. Look...
-Jamie! Jamie!
Jamie! Jamie! Jamie!
[cheering]
Don't be shy!
♪ Look at the stars ♪
♪ See how they shine for you ♪
♪ And everything that you do ♪
♪ Yeah. they were all yellow ♪
♪ Uh. came along ♪
♪ I wrote a song for you ♪
-♪ And ev... all the things you do... ♪
-[laughs]
♪ Yeah. and it was
called "Yellow" ♪
♪ So then... ♪
-No.
-Have you heard this song before?
♪ So then I took my turn ♪
♪ Oh. what a thing
to have done ♪
♪ And it was all yellow ♪
[voice cracks] ♪ Your skin ♪
♪ Oh. yeah. your
skin and bones ♪
♪ Turn into ♪
♪ Somethin' beautiful ♪
♪ Yeah. you know ♪
♪ You know I love you so ♪
♪ You know I love
you... you so... ♪
["Yellow" continues playing]
-[Jamie laughs]
-[Anna] Oh!
-Oh. wow.
-[Jamie laughs]
Oy. oy.
See. I'm of the opinion that you
should never regret things you do.
You should only regret the
things that you don't do.
Right. but you must
regret that karaoke.
Sorry. the only thing that I regret is
not following up with a Céline Dion. Now.
It is tradition here that
after karaoke. you have to eat.
I'm about to introduce you
to a true Oxford institution.
Is that an elephant's leg?
[whimsical music playing]
[server] Here you go.
[Anna] Thank you.
[man] Yes. boss?
[server] Okay. who's next?
Trust me.
[server] Some rice?
[Anna] Mmm.
That's good.
That's really good.
[server laughs]
My friend.
-Cheers. Dimitri. Aah!
-[Dimitri chuckles]
-[Anna] It's really good.
-[Jamie] I know.
[Anna chuckles]
Okay. your turn.
Right. Um. the master at work.
-Here we go.
-Ready?
Uh-huh.
[Anna] Mmm.
Mmm.
-[chuckles]
-Oh no.
-Oh my God. I need a napkin.
-No. you don't!
-Yes. I do.
-Resist.
This is the messy bit.
Come on.
-Mm-hmm.
-Hmm...
[laughs]
It's so good.
-It's so good. right?
-Mmm!
[Anna] Well. I definitely did
not have bad karaoke and kebabs
on my Oxford wish list.
but. um...
I had a really great time.
So would you
care to come up for
some tea and crumpet?
[laughs]
[inhales]
Better not. [clears throat]
[sighs]
Good night. Anna.
I mean. you've humiliated yourself.
but now you need to move on. [sighs]
And we've all been there.
-[Anna] Have you?
-God. no. It's an expression.
Well. Jamie Davenport
may have turned you down.
but you certainly won't be
short of attention in that.
It was either this or
Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
-Sexy '60s Ruth Bader?
-No.
Oh. Well. you know.
this is... is perfect.
It's American. It's powerful.
It's going to knock
their socks off.
Thank you. And you
look great as Dracula.
Dracula? Anthony
Bridgerton. Honestly.
["Say Something" by
Karen Harding playing]
-♪ Tell me. tell me... ♪
-[woman] Whoo!
♪ Oh. come on. tell me ♪
♪ Now. oh. come on. tell me... ♪
Hiya. Hi.
-So it's not a costume party?
-♪ If you wanna say some thin'... ♪
Hello. Wonder Woman. I could
do with saving from that bloke.
Ah. not your type?
Seriously. I didn't come out to
talk about molecular biology.
Can I get you a drink? If it's
okay with Lord Bridgerton.
Oh. you absolutely
have my permission.
["Back on 74" by Jungle playing]
Just. I don't understand
how this is Halloween.
I mean. does anyone make any
effort in this country at all?
Well. I mean. excuse me.
Oh. not you. You look
wonderfully weird.
And you. you look like the
slutty savior of the human race.
You said it. Anthony.
Well. I wouldn't mind if you gave
me a ride in your invisible plane.
-What?
-Uh. an invisible plane.
Uh. Wonder Woman. she...
she has an invisible plane.
You... you can't see it.
It's an invisible plane.
Right.
Yeah. Yeah.
[chuckles]
Hey. do you wanna dance?
Wheels up. [chuckles]
♪ When we get high
on my break time ♪
♪ And we're just... ♪
["Yo x Ti. Tu x Mi" by
Ozuna and Rosalía playing]
[inaudible]
[giggling]
Big mistake is leaning
too far back on the pull.
'cause it ruins
the coordination.
and it happens all the time
to guys that are top-heavy.
Wow.
-Is the. uh... race coming up soon?
-[laughs] No!
I wouldn't be out if it was.
You can lose a race by
the smallest of margins.
[sniffs] Hmm.
-You okay?
-Mmm.
Come here.
I'm hungry.
[laughing]
What's so funny?
Oh my God. Are you serious?
No. I... I couldn't eat that.
It would be like putting
diesel in a Rolls-Royce
instead of premium unleaded.
-Ah.
-[chuckles]
-You're right.
-Yeah?
-I don't know what I was thinking.
-[chuckles]
Good night.
-Night. Dimitri.
-[Dimitri] Good night.
[Jamie] Also. Wilde was
a massive fan of Keats.
He hated that his... his love
letters were being sold for profit.
"That small and sickly
eyes May glare and gloat"
That's us for today.
Thank you. guys.
Right. I need to
return my costume.
Jack the Ripper?
No. Anna. are you coming?
Anna. do you have a minute?
If you have time. there's something
that I'd like to show you.
I think it's quite special.
[optimistic music playing]
[Anna] You didn't think
I'd been to the Bodleian?
It was. like. the
second thing on my list.
-[Jamie] After?
-[Anna] Fish and chips.
[Jamie] But have you been to
the library within the library?
[gasps]
[Jamie] Welcome to
Duke Humfrey's Library.
[laughs]
-No. they're alarmed.
-[alarm beeping]
[alarm stops]
Hello. Laura.
I put it out for you. Jamie.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Behold the inner sanctum.
[music fades]
[gasps]
-It's Millay.
-Mm-hmm.
First edition.
Oh! [laughs]
-[inhales]
-[Jamie laughs]
[sighs]
-It smells so good.
-Mm-hmm.
Wow.
So I saw you at the
club last night.
Oh yeah?
I was gonna say hello.
but I think you left.
Couldn't find you or the
meathead rower you were with.
Hmm.
Well. we left together.
You must have missed that.
being so busy with Cecelia.
-How many copies were printed?
-Go straight home?
No.
Gotcha.
The crumpet. then?
No.
-We went to Dimitri's.
-What...
Sh!
...most people don't know is
that 126 copies were printed.
Dimitri's is our place.
Ours?
[scoffs]
As in me and you?
[both gasp softly]
When was this printed.
Professor?
It's. um...
it's. um...
Nine...
[shakily] Nineteen. um...
[whispers] 1917.
Yeah.
1917.
[upbeat music playing]
-Thank you. Laura. I just have to run.
-It's a great book.
[thunder rumbling]
[Anna gasps]
[laughs]
Where are we going?
Just... somewhere.
Yours?
No.
It's too far.
How long will it take
you to put the top up?
-So. thanks for the ride...
-Mmm.
...home.
[both laugh]
[man] ...for a
year. in college...
Not to be blunt. but
this is just fun. right?
Oh yeah.
-Fun.
-So fun.
Well. fun's all I've got to
give. so enjoy it while it lasts.
[upbeat music playing]
Mind if I sit?
Sure.
[laughs] It's funny.
We're famous for it.
but I'm sure it's only tourists and my
grandmother that take afternoon tea.
Word is. you and Jamie
are quite the item.
Well. I wouldn't say we're an
item. We're just... having fun.
Yes. that's what he's good at.
But the question is. are you?
Look. I know we like to think
of ourselves as modern women.
but when it comes down to it. it's
hard not to get emotionally involved.
Trust me. Anna.
It's not worth the pain.
Enjoy your tea.
-We agreed we're just having fun.
-Mm-hmm.
Oh. fun. that's great. How fun!
You have got to
stop saying "fun."
But it is so fun.
And I suppose. because you're
leaving. you have a built-in end.
Exactly. It'll probably only
last. like. a month or two.
[Charlie] Hmm.
Okay. guess which one
looks just like my ex.
["Moment in the Sun" by
Sunflower Bean playing]
♪ Oh. I do ♪
♪ Everything I dreamed
about Is comin' on ♪
♪ Trade it for a
moment in the sun ♪
♪ All that other noise
Is just a waste of time ♪
♪ You're the only
music on my mind ♪
♪ I don't need money I
don't need to be cool ♪
♪ I'll trade it for A
moment in the sun with you ♪
-Anna.
-Oh. no. You go first.
Anna. it would be my privilege.
♪ Winter. spring ♪
♪ Summer. fall ♪
♪ A moment's fine But
I wanna feel them all ♪
-♪ Oh ♪
-♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
-♪ I wanna feel them all ♪
-♪ Ooh. ooh... ♪
♪ Ding dong! Merrily on high ♪
♪ Everything I dreamed
about Is comin' on ♪
♪ Trade it for a
moment in the sun ♪
♪ All that other noise Is
just a waste of time... ♪
-[squeals]
-♪ You're the only music on my mind ♪
♪ I don't need money I
don't need to be cool... ♪
Oh. look. they're going to a
ball. I wanna go to a ball.
-♪ ...in the sun ♪
-♪ Ooh. ooh... ♪
[phone buzzing]
♪ With you... ♪
No. I'm not...
750 years to celebrate.
and you don't wanna go?
-Uh-huh.
-You're a bore.
No. Anna. believe me. it is
the balls that are a bore.
I will take you literally
anywhere else. Anywhere.
-Anywhere?
-Uh-huh.
How about your place?
There are these killer
vines at the moment.
-Sure.
-They're sort of like...
Oh. wow.
♪ ...a moment in the sun ♪
♪ All that other noise
Is just a waste of time ♪
♪ You're the only
music on my mind ♪
♪ I don't need money I
don't need to be cool ♪
♪ I'll trade it for A moment
in the sun with you... ♪
Anna! Are you doing your
reading for Goldman Sachs?
[Anna] Mm-hmm.
Don't get distracted. huh?
Your future is too important.
-♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
-♪ I wanna feel them all... ♪
[group] Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!
♪ I don't need money I
don't need to be cool ♪
♪ I'll trade it for A moment
in the sun with you... ♪
There's other people
as well from...
-[crash]
-[Anna and Maggie] Ooh!
[Anna] I just... I still can't stop
gaping at everything like a tourist.
It's just incredible that
Shelley and Tolkien and Wilde
all wandered through
these gardens.
It's just we don't have this
back home. This... history.
-Yeah. but you've got other things.
-Uh-huh.
Baseball.
Really big cars.
No. if you like this.
then you absolutely have to go
on a grand tour around Europe
before you leave.
A grand tour?
Yeah. like Byron. You've
gotta start in Paris.
-Mmm.
-Get drunk by the Seine. of course.
Of course.
And then I'd go to Venice and
spend the whole night on a gondola.
And then I'd go to Greece and
I'd visit the Temple of Poseidon.
It's high on a promontory
above the Aegean Sea.
[gentle music playing]
And then I'd sit down on a
glorious beach to.
as Tennyson said.
watch "sunset and evening star."
Sounds like someone
else has a plan.
Yeah. I think I might.
And you must...
you must go to the red-light
district in Amsterdam.
I'm not that kind of girl.
No. there's a
church there.
Our Lord in the Attic.
This hidden door leads
you to this sanctuary.
It's...
It's so beautiful.
Take your breath away.
We could go together.
-Together?
-Hmm.
I don't know. Professor.
That sounds rather serious.
I'm only looking for fun.
I go back to New York soon.
Yes. you do.
Well. maybe instead of a grand
tour. we could do a small tour.
Round my place.
Your place?
-You have a place?
-I do.
Wow.
God. it's been so long. I
assumed you lived in that car.
[chuckles]
[Jamie] Don't judge me. I'm
still gettin' settled in.
I only moved out of
college a year ago.
My. uh... aunt
left me the house.
I say left. She's not dead.
She. um... just couldn't be
bothered with the renovation
and. of course.
moved to Croatia.
Did you build these toy cars?
They're model cars. Um...
But yes. when I was a kid. with
my dad. And my brother. Eddie.
It's a lot harder than it looks.
We'd spend days on each
one. the three of us.
Hours into the night.
And then. when I got older. we
started working on real cars.
Like the Jaguar?
Yeah. that...
That was the last thing that
we did before Eddie died.
-Oh my God. I'm so sorry...
-It's funny.
Every person in your family
plays a certain role. right?
And after he was gone. I
realized that I didn't just lose
my brother.
I lost my whole way of
communicating with my father.
-Have you spoken to him about it?
-[laughs] No.
No. We're Englishmen. Anna. We
don't talk about our feelings.
Right.
In fact. that might
be the first time
I've told anyone I'm
not speaking to my dad.
-How did your brother die?
-Let's continue with the tour!
You haven't seen the
bedroom yet. Best view ever.
-[hopeful music playing]
-[Anna giggles]
And. oh. please be careful.
I've just had the carpets done.
[Anna] Good morning.
Going somewhere?
Yes. I forgot I had this thing.
[sighs] Styan bestowed another
responsibility upon me.
Oh.
Well. in a way. I. too.
am a responsibility
that Styan bestowed upon you.
Sorry.
Uh. Maggie texted about
the Boat Race next weekend.
You gonna come down with us?
I'm so sorry. what was that?
The. uh... the Boat
Race next weekend.
-[keys jingle]
-Are you coming?
Uh. no. I don't think I can.
I'm gonna be really busy
over the next few weeks.
I have to really focus
on my doctoral thesis.
Right. Of course.
I'm gonna go get dressed.
Yes. great. Thank you.
[sighs]
["She's Gone. Dance On"
by Disclosure playing]
-Oxford!
-Whoo-hoo!
♪ So kind
♪ So long. dance on ♪
♪ She's gone. dance on... ♪
[cheering]
[Charlie] Whoo! Whoo!
♪ Dance on... ♪
Row faster!
Sink 'em. Oxford!
Is he coming?
No. he can't. He's studying.
I haven't seen him all week.
I'm sure he'd be
here if he could.
[Anna] His thesis is
important. I get it.
-Laura! Hey.
-Hey! Nice turnout.
Yeah. it seems like
everyone is here.
-Except Jamie.
-[all chuckle]
Although you must be sick of seeing him
all the time in the library every day.
Oh. no. I haven't
seen Jamie in weeks.
[crowd cheering]
I'm gonna try and get a pint in
that scrum. You guys want anything?
-No. I'm good. Thanks.
-[Laura] Okay.
It was probably an
innocent misunderstanding.
Jamie is not the
type to sleep around.
Okay. you knew that
he was a player.
You declared you wanted casual. This
is basically what you asked for.
Cecelia warned me to stay away.
Warned you like. "Hope you're doing
okay." or. "Back off or else"?
Oh. balls. It was
"back off or else."
Is she here?
Looking for me?
Hello. Ridley. Uh. did Cecelia
not come with you guys today?
No. this past week. she decided
to hunker down and do some work.
But missing the Boat Race?
Should be sent down. [laughs]
The ladies won by the exact
yardage I bet on. 152.
I've just won 500 quid.
-Oh my God!
-The beers are on me.
-[friend] Come on.
-[Tom] To the bar!
Right. What's everyone having?
Listen. if he wants to see other
people. I'm fine with that.
-Sure you are.
-But I won't be lied to.
-[Maggie] No.
-No.
No. Bollocks. Go knock
his bloody door down.
-I know the code.
-Even better. Let yourself in.
[Anna] Yeah!
-Bollocks to this.
-[Charlie groans]
-Bo... bollocks? Bollocks.
-[Maggie] Yeah.
Bollocks to this!
[dramatic music playing]
[sighs]
[bleeping]
Jamie?
[Cecelia] I'm
gonna get a coffee.
Do you want one?
You must be exhausted.
Oh my God.
No. Anna. wait. Anna...
[bleeping]
-[Anna] What is this?
-Get out.
-Jamie. are...
-Get... out!
[sighs]
[melancholy music playing]
[breathing shakily]
[sighs]
[Jamie] Eddie had cancer.
And they tried everything.
Every... treatment.
Every clinical trial.
And in the end. he
just wanted it to stop.
'Cause the time it had earned him
was just spent in hospital in pain.
You don't live longer.
You just die slower.
Um... My father.
so bent on never losing himself.
he couldn't understand why someone
else wouldn't fight until the end.
But there are some
things that you just...
You can't fight. Like your
own body when it turns on you.
[sighs]
It's just I...
I don't understand how you've
been dealing with all of this.
Well. I've had Cecelia.
who was Eddie's girlfriend.
And she was with him
through all of it. Um...
We're basically family now.
And how's your mom coping?
Yeah. not great. but.
um... she's a champ.
Uh... never makes it about
herself. unlike my father.
Even when Eddie was...
was dying. he. um...
All he could do was push him. We
fought over it then. and. um...
things were said.
[voice cracking] Um...
Anyway. uh...
now I'm in the same situation.
It's genetic.
What you saw was
my final treatment.
So maybe it buys me
time. maybe it doesn't.
But either way. I won't
submit myself to any more.
And... my father simply
can't respect that choice.
-[students laughing]
-[sighs]
[Jamie sighs]
Mmm!
I think this would
be my death-row meal.
What about you?
[laughing]
How is any of this funny?
[chuckles]
It's funny because
the two people in this city who
most needed a casual relationship
ended up here.
Don't waste the short time
you have left in Oxford on me.
[sighs]
I saw what happened
to Cecelia with Eddie.
I'm not putting
you through that.
We said we'd have
fun. and we have.
Loads of it.
But my illness isn't
fun. so it ends now.
With a kebab.
Just because something is fleeting
doesn't mean it's not meaningful.
I can't pretend to understand
what you're going through.
but I know that you don't
have to do it alone.
This is the messiness of life.
and as an annoyingly
brilliant man once told me...
these are the best bits.
[romantic music swells]
-[student 1] Whoa!
-[student 2] Oi-oi!
[music fades]
Nothing's changed.
Keep having fun.
Yeah.
-We'll keep having fun.
-Mmm.
Aah!
-No. no. no. no. no. no!
-[laughing]
[phone chimes]
-Oh. Professor Styan.
-Mm-hmm?
Sorry. you're on the committee
for the septicentennial
and fifty ball. aren't you?
I am.
I'm also aware of your
contempt for all things...
What was it?
Gaudy. naff. and classless
dressed as high taste?
Yes. Uh. that does sound
like me. doesn't it?
Um. but...
[joyful music playing]
[gasps]
[both scream]
I just had a few questions about the
kind of grip that you do on the...
Wh...
Excuse me!
-Oh my God! Oh my God!
-[screaming]
-Wait. we're all going?
-[Anna shouts]
-Hey.
-Mm-hmm?
I'm right by your side.
Okay.
-Hello. Mother.
-Hello. darling.
-[Jamie] You look exquisite.
-Thank you.
I'm gonna get drunk and go
on a fucking Ferris wheel.
[all chuckle]
I would like you to
meet my friend. Anna.
Yes. I heard rumors that my son was
dating a very pretty American girl.
Yes. I heard them. too. sir.
but I didn't let that stop me.
Excuse me. Might we have a
quick word. Lady Davenport?
Oh. yes. of course.
[whispers] Sorry. such a bore.
Jamie. if we could.
um... perhaps just...
["Something About Your
Love" by SG Lewis playing]
♪ There's something
about it... ♪
So which are we
destined to be. friends
or lovers?
Neither.
-[Anna] Tom!
-There was a third option.
-Hey. Anna. you look absolutely...
-♪ Can't tell you what makes it perfect ♪
♪ You're the cure
for the hurt... ♪
[Anna] Stunning. isn't she?
It's a shame it takes a dress
and heels for a guy to notice.
-Hmm?
[laughing] What? Oh. you thought
I was looking at Maggie like that!
Can you imagine? No. no.
Maggie and I. we're just
friends.
Best way to be. mate. Don't
get involved. don't get hurt.
♪ Bring it back. sing it back ♪
♪ Bring it back.
sing it back to me ♪
♪ Bring it back. sing it back ♪
♪ Bring it back.
sing it back to me ♪
♪ When you are ready.
I will surrender ♪
♪ Take me and do as you wish ♪
♪ Have what you want Your
way's always the best way... ♪
Hello. Anna.
-Can I tempt you with a drink?
-♪ I succumbed to this passive sensation ♪
♪ Peacefully falling away... ♪
Sure. I'd like that.
♪ I am a zombie Your
wish will command me ♪
[Anna] So my mom came from
Argentina with nothing.
and my dad's a Cuban émigré.
Now their daughter's
taking a master's at Oxford
and is soon to start at Goldman.
[Anna chuckles] You've
done your research.
Yeah. well. Jamie
might not talk to me.
but thankfully. he still
talks to his mother.
I have to be totally
transparent with you. Anna.
I want the best possible
medical treatment for Jamie.
but... but he has to fight.
Currently not speaking to me. so...
[chuckles] ...I can't give him the details.
Jamie saw what
happened with Eddie.
so I... think he knows
about the treatment. sir.
Mmm... not all of them.
I mean. how can he?
What he and Eddie have
is incredibly rare.
I've been talking to people.
making donations.
sponsoring research.
I can't imagine how
hard this is for you.
Jamie thinks he knows best. but
he doesn't.
He looks healthy.
but. um... he's not.
He needs to return to our home
for more treatment. and. uh...
I expect you to help
us convince him.
[sets drink down]
I'm so glad we've reached
this understanding.
Jamie said that words were
exchanged when Edward died.
What did you say to him?
You dare to judge me?
Have you watched someone you
love more than your own life die?
You have no idea what
it's like to lose a child.
knowing you may
soon lose another.
[sighs]
♪ Everybody dance ♪
♪ Do-do-do-do. clap your hands ♪
♪ Clap your hands ♪
♪ Everybody dance... ♪
What have you done now?
You've not signed me up to
sing with the band. have you?
-I was just talking to your dad.
-Mm-hmm?
Jamie. you need
to work this out.
Anna. I know that you have your
life perfectly planned out.
Don't need to try and fix mine.
Some things are just broken.
Okay. as your
friend. I think he...
Do you want a drink? I do.
Excuse me.
No. I mean. I used to love
football. and I was good at it too.
If it hadn't been for the
homophobic locker room chat.
I mean. honestly. they'd
call me Bender Like Beckham.
Cristiano Ronald-ooh.
and Sabrina the Queen Age Bitch.
which had nothing to do with football.
You should play with the
college gay football society.
The guys are great.
I would... I would love that.
And after a match. maybe we
could get dinner. watch a movie?
Wh... Uh. me?
No.
No. I just. uh...
Uh... I will be straight
back. I'm just gonna...
Oh my God. I mean. I've
never been so insulted.
A ten-minute chat and he's
ready to take me up the aisle.
Do I look like the kind of guy
that's ready to commit? [laughs]
I don't know who
on earth you are.
Yeah. I'm not so sure myself.
♪ Don't know who you think
That you're confusin' ♪
♪ I be like. "Ooh.
it's amusin'" ♪
♪ You think I'm gonna
fall for an illu... ♪
Cecelia. Hi.
Jamie told me...
Whew. [sighs]
It was like watching a
car crash in slow motion.
He was so brave. but it... it...
completely ruined me.
And there's no getting over it.
I go out. I flirt with
the occasional guy. but
that's it.
♪ Tryna make me yours for
life Takin' me for a ride... ♪
I shall be a spinster
forever. I suppose.
♪ Think you play
your cards right ♪
♪ Don't you know I could
do this dance all night? ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
♪ What you doin'? ♪
♪ Don't know who you think
That you're confusin' ♪
♪ I be like. "Ooh.
it's amusin'" ♪
♪ You think I'm gonna
fall for an illusion... ♪
-What is it. Tom?
-I was wondering if I could have a quick...
Just gonna...
Yeah. just gonna grab...
-♪ Dance all night... ♪
-Uh...
♪ Dance all night... ♪
Are we having a dance?
-You... you know I can't dance. so...
-What is it? I had a good thing going.
Yes. I mean. but that's
just it. isn't it?
Um... because. I mean. you're off
dancing with tattooed... Tony.
when perhaps you and I
could be. you know...
I can teach you to unicycle.
-Tom. are you chatting me up?
-Yes. yes. I am.
["Can't Get You Out of My
Head" by Kylie Minogue playing]
Somethin' to say?
I'm really sorry.
-I didn't mean to be a...
-Bellend?
It's okay.
You Englishmen find it hard
to talk about your emotions.
Do you want to dance?
♪ La. la. la-la-la ♪
-♪ La. la. la... ♪
-Like that?
♪ La. la. la-la-la ♪
♪ La. la. la ♪
-♪ La. la. la-la-la... ♪
-[Jamie] No.
-Much worse than that.
-♪ I just can't get you out of my head ♪
♪ Boy. your lovin' is
all I think about ♪
♪ I just can't get
you out of my head ♪
♪ I feel the rush
Addicted to your touch ♪
♪ Oh. I feel the rush ♪
♪ It's so good. it's so good ♪
♪ I feel the rush
Addicted to your touch ♪
♪ Oh. I feel the rush ♪
♪ It's so good. it's so good ♪
♪ So good when we slow
gravity. so good ♪
♪ It's so good. it's so good ♪
-I love your mom.
-[Jamie] Uh-huh.
She gave me her number. and she
told me to call her for a chin-wag.
which Maggie said isn't jaw surgery.
but a friendly conversation. [chuckles]
Can you unzip me. please?
Yes. absolutely. I'm
just feel... ing...
Jamie!
Jamie! Jam...
Do you like those flowers?
They're fake.
It's a secret.
On the plus side.
at least I didn't turn into a
pumpkin until after the ball. huh?
[Anna sighs]
Can you exist
without your irony?
No.
Anna. I'm fine. It
was overexertion.
I'm probably a little
bit better than you are.
We can maybe get one of these nurses to
slip you something for your hangover.
-Here we go. This should help.
-[Anna] Thanks.
Jamie. you'll need
something a bit stronger.
Whiskey?
I've recently been drinking rather a
lot of Buckfast. Have you heard of that?
Oh. really? Have you? Yes.
Just wondering. maybe a bit of
that with some mezcal thrown in.
[Jamie] I think... I think
I might have a latte.
[poignant music playing]
[sighs]
[Jamie] Professor Styan's asked me
to step in once again. apologies.
to discuss Tennyson's
"Crossing the Bar."
arguably one of the greatest poems
about life and death ever written.
And he's comparing death
to setting out to sea.
All he wants in his final moments is
to hear the gentle tolling of a bell
and then to be swallowed
up by darkness.
And rather than being afraid
of death. he is embracing it.
And I say. why the hell not?
[Maggie] Because it's
the end of everything.
It's the end of... of all the
things that you should have done.
Yes... uh. but.
maybe. Maggie. it is not the length
of time that you spend on Earth.
Maybe it's what you do with it.
Well. I hope to be
in a bar when I die.
Not in a sad way. In. like.
a... In. like. a fun way.
No. but I. like... So if I'm. like.
laughing and I fall off my chair.
But not because I've
had too much to...
I may have had. like. one
drink. maybe two. like?
But a fun drink. like. with a straw.
Piña colada. something like that.
And my boyfriend. he's
there. He loves that.
He kisses me on the
cheek. like. um. tenderly.
but enough to say we're still
interested in each other.
At that point. I'm doing
a lot of philanthropy.
and I think people can tell.
There's a twinkle in my
eyes that says I care.
So when I die. there's a big
loss to the charity sector.
People are obviously upset.
You know. a great
beauty lost from Oxford.
But then. obvi... But I do still
die. but it's. like. the right time.
But. yes. it's in a bar.
So Tennyson's bar is a sandbar.
Um...
[gentle music playing]
[Anna's mother] Anna!
Mom. what are you doing up?
I just finished the night shift.
It's overtime. You know
I cannot say no to that.
Anyway. because I'm up.
I get to talk to you.
You're back so soon!
[sighs] I know.
It's gone so fast.
Oh. no. it's been too long.
I saw Stephen Delgado's mother.
Oh. how is he?
He's making six figures already.
Anna. I have something I really
need to discuss with you.
Yes?
-Your birthday. It's next weekend.
-Oh my God. Jamie!
So which should it be? Are we
gonna get drunk by the Seine.
or are we gonna go swimming
in the Aegean. or both?
We can do anything. Go anywhere
that your heart desires.
-Go anywhere?
-Anywhere.
-And do anything?
-Anything.
[joyful music playing]
-Whoo-hoo!
-Jesus Christ. look at the road!
Je... You can wipe that smug
smile right off your face.
Slow down.
-Slow down. we're turning! Oh my God!
-[Anna squeals]
Anna. I have restored this car once.
Please. please. please be careful.
[Anna] Oh. come on.
this is so much fun!
[Jamie] Please
focus on the road.
I feel like I'm Elizabeth
Bennett on the road to Pemberley.
It takes her. like. an hour
just to get past the grounds.
Then all of a sudden
they turn a corner and...
Oh my God!
You grew up here?
Yes.
-Here?
-Yes.
-This place?
-[chuckles] Yes.
Huh.
What a shithole.
[laughs]
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
[Anna] Whoo-hoo!
-Oh. you're here!
-[Jamie] Hello.
Oh. Anna. you get more
beautiful each time I see you.
-Oh!
-Keep this up and we shan't be friends.
[chuckles] How are you?
-[sighs]
-She's in Anglophile ecstasy.
[laughs] Hello. darling.
Your father's just
finishing some reading.
Come. let me show you where
Elizabeth imprisoned Mary.
-[Anna] No...
-[Jamie] Yes.
-[Anna] No!
[dog barking]
Well. if he ever gets
too big for his boots.
remind him that his
grandfather seven times removed
was groom of the stool.
meaning he wiped
the king's arse.
Hi. I was just learning about your
grandfather seven times removed.
Okay. right. so she tells this
story like it's a really bad thing.
but Lord Norris
was very powerful.
He had the ear of the king.
And not just the ear.
[laughs]
Come. let me show you the
tapestry room. Lead on. my dear.
Surprise!
-No. you didn't.
-I'm afraid I did.
Surprise!
Jamie. I don't like surprises.
Oh. my mistake. I'll just cancel
the birthday and send ev...
Should we... um...
-Right. [giggles]
-Yes. Yes!
Surprise?
-Yes!
-Yay!
-Hi!
-[Maggie] Hi!
To Anna!
[all] To Anna!
-[all] Yay!
-[Jamie] Ooh!
Charlie. you're actually
quite good at this.
I was the captain of
my school croquet team.
We lost every game.
Right. who's next? Is it
the birthday girl. you say?
[all] Yes!
You know. I've never played.
Oh. really? It's a good
job that you've got a list
of things you've never
done that you're doing.
Actually. I don't
have the list anymore.
Completed it?
No. just... taking
each day as it comes.
-[Jamie] I like it.
-[Anna] Mmm.
[Jamie] Right. okay. so...
-Just bend over?
-[Jamie] Yeah.
-[Tom whistles]
-Oh my God. get a room.
We have a room. Queen
Elizabeth slept in it.
-Oooh!
-[all gasp and laugh]
-[all] Aww.
-[Jamie] Ah. okay.
So actually. in croquet
that's terrible.
-[all chuckle]
-I think I just have a bad teacher.
Really? Wow. okay.
Seems a bit harsh.
-[all laugh]
-Uh. next?
[all cheer]
[Anna laughing]
Oh. actually. is
one bottle enough?
-Charlie.
-Mm-hmm.
-Mmm.
-I'll get another one.
-Okay.
-Back in a sec.
-Oh. sorry. No. please. You...
-Sorry. After you.
-I'll just take this up.
-We're having beef Wellington.
Yeah. This is for outside.
Jamie. might we have a word?
Must we?
Today?
Fine.
[sighs]
Ah...
-I'll get the broom.
-Leave it. Luke can clean it up.
-It's not necessary.
-I said leave it!
Will you listen to me?
Just for once.
Now. I spoke with Dr. Patel. and
he said there's a new drug...
No more drugs. I
told you. I'm done.
-You have to keep fighting!
-God. you just don't get it!
[sighs] I don't wanna spend the
time that I have left in a hospital.
I wanna spend it in Oxford. doing what
I love with the people that I love.
I won't accept it.
I can't just watch you...
Your brother at least tried.
Yes.
[sighs] Yeah.
Edward never put a foot
wrong in your eyes.
-I... I never favored him.
-You know what you said?
I know what you said.
I was a mess.
I was grieving my son.
My brother!
James.
Please.
I'm just trying
to keep you alive.
It's not your decision to make.
[somber music playing]
[Anna] Jamie?
Jamie?
[sighs]
How's the birthday
going? [sighs]
There's still time
for things to improve.
-Or get worse.
-Ever the optimist.
It's a shit situation. isn't it?
-[sighs]
-It is.
I mean. it could be less shitty
if the atmosphere between a
certain two people improved.
Oh my God. I agree. Tom and
Maggie kiss way too much.
It's unsettling.
You know. you have to do what
I want. It's my birthday month.
Month?
You're such an American.
Yeah.
And as an American.
can I be blunt?
I assume that
you're about to be.
Did Eddie die here?
Uh. yes. he did.
You said that Eddie played
a role in your lives.
Why can't his memory
play that same role?
You don't understand.
Of course.
I'm not from here.
I'm gonna go inside. I
have some things to do.
Can I help you?
-Brought you a present.
-Oh.
Thank you.
There was no need.
Of course.
I'll see you at dinner.
[sighs]
[Charlie] Right. Mine next.
[gasps] Stop!
Predictable. but you can never
have too many pairs of good shoes.
I will think of you every time I
wear them. Which will be a lot.
The plan is to make you miss us so
terribly that you have to come back.
-[Tom] Mmm.
-Oh.
Have you considered not leaving?
College. Oxford. Goldman.
That was always the plan.
Okay. well. Vera Wang planned
on being a figure skater.
Giorgio Armani
trained as a doctor.
And Victoria
Beckham wanted to be
a singer.
[all laugh]
Meow!
Right. who is left? Ooh. Tom.
-Did not know we were to bring gifts.
-It's her birthday party. Tom!
Right. you have to sing her
a song instead. Come on.
[Maggie] Right. Um...
Oh. beautiful...
Antonia told me
that Jamie and Eddie
used to steal their dad's
handmade shoes to wear.
Apparently... [laughs]
Apparently. William knew they
were doing it. but he was
secretly proud that
they liked his style.
[laughs]
[piano tinkling]
I wish I could have met Eddie.
Eddie would have
really liked you.
-Yeah. [chuckles]
-[Charlie] Just don't crowd me.
[Cecelia sighs]
Do you ever regret it?
-[Jamie] D?
-[Maggie] Yes. that's it.
Cecelia!
Do you play? We need some help.
I do. I'm coming.
-[Charlie] That was a bit shit.
-[Maggie] Really.
-[Tom] Yeah.
-[Maggie] I don't have it.
I could never regret it.
-[Jamie] One chord...
-[chuckles]
-[Maggie] Actually...
-[Cecelia] Right. what are we playing?
-[Charlie] Can you...
-[Cecelia] Oh yeah. Okay.
-[Charlie] Okay.
-[playing]
♪ We could have been anything
That we wanted to be ♪
♪ And that decision
was ours... ♪
-[Charlie] Yes!
-[all humming]
♪ It's been decided ♪
-♪ We're weaker divided... ♪
-[Maggie] Ooh. high!
♪ Let friendship
double up our power! ♪
[inaudible conversation]
[laughter]
[poignant music playing]
[Anna] Excuse me.
[Charlie] Anna?
-[William] How dare you?
-[clanging]
-[Anna] Jamie?
-[Antonia] William?
[William yells]
Come on! I really don't...
-What? No... There! Ooh! Aah...
-[Jamie] Ooh! Whoa!
-Hey! Hey!
-Ha-ha! Ha-ha!
Oh.
-I'm so sorry.
-[William] Ah.
[Jamie] I missed your
present opening. We. um...
We just. um...
-We got talking.
-Ah...
-It led to drinking.
-[Jamie] Yes.
And then we... we finished it.
-Ah. yes. Look.
-[Jamie] Ah.
-Hah!
-I mean...
-[all laugh]
-[Jamie] Um...
So where are the wheels. then?
-[William] Ah...
-Where are the wheels? Your...
-I think... [laughs]
I think it might have been
your department. the wheels.
[lively conversation]
-You can. yes.
-I think you'd love Taipei!
-No way!
-Yes.
-I do not believe you.
-[fork tinkles on glass]
I'd. uh... I'd like
to raise a toast.
To Anna.
[music fades]
-Happy birthday.
-[Jamie] Mmm.
Thank you for combining
Keats. cars. and Eddie
to make this evening happen.
-[group] Cheers!
-[William] Cheers! Wahey!
-[all cheer]
-[Charlie] Cheers. cheers. cheers!
And. uh...
to Jamie.
My... son.
My boy.
[sniffles] The love
of my life.
[sniffles] I. uh...
I would... I... I want to. uh...
[sniffles] I...
[whispers] I'm so sorry.
[sniffles]
Uh... uh...
-Yes! Uh. yes. yes. yes. To... to Jamie.
-To Jamie.
Cheers. Now. I'd like to assume
the role of Anna's guardian
and ask you. Master Davenport.
what. sir. are your intentions?
-[Cecelia] Oh!
-[Charlie] Mmm.
Because. let's be honest.
you were a shagger.
Oh!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You... No.
Sorry. Your mum knows that. Hopefully.
-Of course I knew that.
-[Charlie] Yes. Absolutely.
Serious. like. more
bangs than Bonfire Night.
Would shag anything that wasn't
running for a bus. Sometimes that was.
But you seem to
have settled down.
However. I want assurances that
Anna won't find herself alone in
six months' time.
[laughs]
[poignant music playing]
[Charlie] Um...
So... Sorry. What's funny?
[Jamie] Charlie. I'm so
sorry to disappoint you.
but if there is one thing
that is absolutely certain.
it's that I will
be leaving Anna.
I have one more year of med school.
and I am gonna keep studying for you.
Curing incurable diseases
cannot be that hard.
It might be a bit late for me. Tom.
but I really appreciate the thought.
Hey. where are we taking
this party to next?
We are taking you to bed.
You only want one thing. and
from now on. I won't put out.
-'Cause I deserve more!
-Thank you.
-Come on.
-[Jamie] Amazing.
-Sleep well. Ceci.
-Night. night. darling.
-See you in the morning.
-See you. Night.
Um...
Dad and I might take
another crack at the car.
if that's okay?
No.
No?
[William sighs]
Thank you.
I love you too.
[laughs]
-[William] Where were we?
-[Jamie] Right. You.
-[William] The car!
-And no more messing around.
-No more messing around.
-Because you were the reason...
[poignant music continues]
[phone ringing]
[music fades]
Happy birthday. Anna!
Feliz cumpleaños. mi niña.
[mother] Only two more weeks
until you're back. mi amor.
Yeah.
What's wrong?
Okay. necesita hablar
conmigo. Salte. salte.
Okay.
He's gone.
Tell me everything.
I don't know. Mom. I...
I don't even know
how... how to...
[inhales]
I just... I...
I don't want the same things
that I thought I wanted.
And I know that I can't afford
to make the wrong choice. but...
I'm staying here.
What?
What? No! No. no!
Why? No. Anna! No. Why are you
throwing your future away like this?
No! No!
[sighs]
[sniffles]
See. I knew this would happen.
-You did?
-Yes. of course!
Because you're a...
a dreamer. Anna!
I'm sorry. Mom. I just...
I can't leave.
[sighs]
You never know if
a choice you make
is right or wrong
until you make it.
And even then...
[poignant music playing]
But what matters is that
they are yours
to make.
I don't wanna let you down.
[whispers] Oh!
Anna.
I always told you you
could do anything.
And I didn't just mean you
are capable of anything.
I also meant we
are here for you.
no matter what you choose to do.
[door opens]
Well. it's not
perfect. but we...
Thank you. Mom.
I will tell them tomorrow that
I am not taking the job.
I love you. [sniffles]
-Te quiero.
- Te quiero.
Bye.
You're not staying.
-Jamie.
-No. Anna.
Have you spoken to Cecelia?
There's no future here.
Well. there's no future guaranteed
anywhere. but here. there's you.
We agreed. right?
Yes. I know. Fun. but...
God! We've moved beyond
that. haven't we?
You can't stay. Anna.
I won't let you.
-You're being ridiculous.
-Stop telling me what I am!
God. you seem to think that I'm
yours to mold to your ideals.
but I'm not. Jamie.
Yes. I know that you're not.
because I would never let you make
such a bloody stupid decision.
What are you doing?
Now where... where are
you going? Where...
There's a million
rooms in this house.
I'm sure I can find
another place to sleep.
[poignant music playing]
-[Tom] Very happily...
-[Cecelia] Bye. Yes. of course.
-[Antonia] Darling. stay...
-[Cecelia] Thank you.
Best of luck back in America.
[poignant music continues]
[sighs]
[music fades]
[Tom] Okay. big smile.
-It's a video. guys.
-That's embarrassing.
-Oh. Tom.
-No. but it's good.
[Maggie] Where is Cecelia?
[laughs]
-[man] It always gets this...
-Yeah.
I think I have a date tonight.
Oh my God!
Oh! You can double-date
with me and Tom!
-I would love to.
-[Maggie] Oh. great.
Anna. do you wanna make
it a triple date tonight?
Uh. no.
No.
You still haven't spoken to him?
I mean. this is insane. You can't just
go back to New York after everything.
He made it clear he
didn't want me to stay.
He is in love with you and doesn't
know what he's talking about.
[Charlie] Mmm.
Half-light. half-shadow
Let my spirit sleep
They never learned to love
Who never knew to weep
Tennyson.
Well. I've been listening. They don't
give out degrees here for nothing.
Right. Time to start drinking.
Who's in for Pimm's? Pimm's?
Sorry. can't. Uh. going
to see Oxford United.
A football match?
It's a date. See you all later.
[Tom] So. unicycle to the pub?
No. Come on. Tom. Come on. Anna!
-[Tom giggles]
-[Maggie] Yay!
[sighs]
[footsteps]
Hi.
-Hello. Laura.
-Sorry.
A student asked me to set this
book for them. Is that okay?
Yes. of course.
It reads differently now.
I realized that
I had it all wrong.
As you so politely tried to tell
me that first night we went out.
that what Thoreau meant
by living deliberately
wasn't planning
everything. but...
but being definite about
every small moment.
Because a succession of
moments is really all we have.
And I want mine to be with you.
However many we have left.
You know Thoreau was basically having
a mental breakdown when he wrote that?
I have learned that. yes.
Anna. I want this
more than anything.
But this is madness.
I...
I fear that you'll regret it.
Well. I'm of the opinion that you
should never regret the things you do.
You should only regret
the things you don't do.
-Do you want me to sing?
-Definitely.
You still owe me
that Céline Dion.
[whispers] Yeah.
["Kaleidoscope" by
Chappell Roan playing]
[gasps]
♪ Here we go again ♪
♪ Everything is fine ♪
♪ I guess we could pretend ♪
♪ We didn't cross a line ♪
♪ But ever since that day ♪
♪ Everything has changed ♪
♪ The way I write your name ♪
♪ The cursive letter A ♪
♪ Whenever it may be ♪
♪ That you go on your way ♪
♪ If you really wanna leave ♪
♪ I'll never make you stay ♪
♪ Whatever you decide ♪
♪ I will understand ♪
♪ And it will all be fine ♪
♪ Just go back to
being friends ♪
♪ And love is a kaleidoscope ♪
♪ How it works I'll never know ♪
♪ And even all the change ♪
♪ Is somehow all the same ♪
♪ Turnin' to the
left and right ♪
♪ Colors shinin' in your eye ♪
♪ And even upside down ♪
♪ It's beautiful somehow ♪
-♪ Every color of the rainbow... ♪
-Jamie.
-♪ Don't be afraid to hold it close... ♪
-Jamie? Jamie!
-♪ It's never just a shape alone... ♪
-Jamie! Jamie!
Jamie?
-Jamie!
-♪ Love is a ♪
-♪ Kaleidoscope ♪
-God damn it.
Oh my God.
Okay. Hey. hey. I'm right here.
I'm right here. I'm right here.
I'm right here.
[William sighs]
Well. it's about bloody time!
[sighs]
I'm... I'm sorry. Ashvin. Uh...
How is he?
It's not the result
we were hoping for.
He's fighting a critical
case of pneumonia.
The cancer has severely
weakened his immune system.
This would be a good time for us to
discuss treatment moving forward.
No. That's up to Jamie.
I think he'd prefer to let
nature take its course.
and. uh... and we
should respect that.
[poignant music playing]
[whispers] Thank you.
[sniffles]
[sighs]
[Anna sighs]
[William sniffles]
[William sighs]
[Jamie] Now that you've stayed. you
have time to go on your grand tour.
We should go together.
First stop.
Amsterdam.
In the heart of the
red-light district.
I'm not that kind of boy.
[Anna] There's this church.
A hidden door leads
you to a sanctuary.
It's so beautiful.
It would take your breath away.
[ringing]
[uplifting music playing]
[Anna] And to Paris.
We'll get drunk by the Seine.
[bicycle bell rings]
Beautiful. isn't it?
And Venice.
[inaudible]
[Anna] Spend a
night on a gondola.
Thank you very much.
And we'd go to the
Temple of Poseidon.
High up on a promontory.
And swim in the Aegean Sea.
And we would live deliberately.
Sucking out all
the marrow of life.
No matter how messy it gets.
[emotional music swells]
[music quietens]
[footsteps]
[poignant music playing]
Poetry can be taught.
But. really. it should be lived.
Tried. tested. engaged with.
Let it in and
allow it to change your life.
So. as this is my first class...
I'd like to begin by
offering you a bribe.
[music fades]
["All My Love" by
Coldplay playing]
♪ We've been through low ♪
♪ Been through sunshine
Been through snow ♪
♪ All the colors
of the weather ♪
♪ We've been through high ♪
♪ Every corner of the sky ♪
♪ And still we're
holdin' on together ♪
♪ You got all my love ♪
♪ Whether it rains or pours ♪
♪ I'm all yours ♪
♪ You've got all my love ♪
♪ Whether it rains ♪
♪ It remains ♪
♪ You've got all my love ♪
♪ Until I die ♪
♪ Let me hold you if you cry ♪
♪ Be my one. two.
three. forever ♪
♪ 'Cause you got all my love ♪
♪ Whether it rains or pours ♪
♪ I'm all yours ♪
♪ You've got all my love ♪
♪ Whether it rains ♪
♪ It remains ♪
♪ You've got all my love ♪
♪ La-la. la-la. la. lay ♪
♪ Whether it rains or pours ♪
♪ I'm all yours ♪
♪ La-la. la-la. la. lay ♪
♪ That's all ♪
♪ All I can say ♪
[music fades]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-